So I made 2 GAMES, using FLTK graphics.
I have named them as follows:
Robo_skribble.cpp:
What this does is it takes a small marker (which is really a small square) and uses it as a pen to scribble on the gameboard, as in the popular game scribble. This was enabled by a clever use of the handle function which detects keypresses (can move up,down,left or right using the scroll up,down,left or right in the keyboard) and moves the square accordingly. In the lecture, the professor had enabled this by wiping of the previous copy and displacing it slightly, to give an impression of motion on a click. I simply took that and removed the wipe part, thus allowing the marker to leave a trace on the window. Moreover, since my motion happens in response to a keypress, holding the key continuously makes the marker move continuously (as opposed to when the stmiulus is a click, which makes the motion jerky). Also, I have added a 'e' key for "Erase" (or penUp), and 'w' key for "Write" (or penDown), and I have also added the keys 1,2,3,4 which make the marker move at 45 degrees in that quadrant (suppose we press 1, then the marker is considered to be origin, a standard axes is imagined and the marker is slightly displaced towards 45 degree in the first quadrant). This allows us to write and draw almost anything in "block letter / robotic style", thus making it useful as a drawing board.
A screen shot is submitted on moodle, where the letters 'A', 'R' and a ship is drawn using our marker!
Mouse_driving_test.cpp:
This was inspired, as the name might suggest, from psychological experiments in mice to test mapping and motor abilities. Basically, this game contains an array of blue and green circles interspersed among each other. We again have a (larger) red marker, which can move up,down,left or right (as above, using the scroll up,down,left or right in the keyboard), though no sideways motion. Whenever the marker overlaps with some circle, it erases the circle. The task is to erase all the green circles but not any blue ones. This task may seem trivial, but historically, such games (played by mice) were important in establishing various crucial results about neurology. In fact, some people in advanced stages of neurodegenration are unable to successfully perform such tasks.
Thus, context aside, this was the game.
Thus, among myriad uses of fltk graphics, our programs successfully exploit the key-press mechanism to create interesting games.
